What is Git?
               mainy it is used for :
                                                Tracking code changes
                                                Tracking who made changes
                                               Coding collaboration
 What does Git do?
                      Manage projects with Repositories
                      Branch and Merge to allow for work on different parts and versions of a project
                      Pull the latest version of the project to a local copy
                      Push local updates to the main project

Working with Git
Initialize Git on a folder, making it a Repository
Git now creates a hidden folder to keep track of changes in that folder
When a file is changed, added or deleted, it is considered modified
You select the modified files you want to Stage
The Staged files are Committed, which prompts Git to store a permanent snapshot of the files
Git allows you to see the full history of every commit.
You can revert back to any previous commit.
Git does not store a separate copy of every file in every commit, but keeps track of changes made in each commit


example : git --version
git version 2.30.2.windows.1

2:to clone repository                 3:to configure git
git clone <url>                                           git config --global user.name "preethi123-23"
                                                                     git config --global user.email "preethikm2308@gmail.com"


4:move to created folder
cd foldername

 5:to check the status of file
git status

 6:To add new file to github
git add new file name

7:To add message
git commit -m "message"

8:The git push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository.
git push orgin main

9:Initialized empty git repository
git init

10:Move all modified file to staging area
git add.

11:to change branch name
git branch -M main

12:list the branches
git branch -a

What is GitHub?
Git is not the same as GitHub.
GitHub makes tools that use Git.
GitHub is the largest host of source code in the world, and has been owned by Microsoft since 2018.
In this tutorial, we will focus on using Git with GitHub.
